sudo npm install
sudo npm run build
sudo npm start

Errors that you can face

EAADDNOTAVAIL
    RUNNING ON THE MAVIC ?  Go to package.json, find start script and change the IP from localhost to 10.42.0.1
    RUNNING LOCALLY ? Replace 10.42.0.1 by localhost

EAADRINUSE 
    Means that its already running somewhere else. You just need to find the port and kill it


EAACES 
    -It is likely that you forgot to write sudo when invoking the start script




List of issues/known bugs

Easy Lazy : Generalize the variable named ros. It should be defined in App only once. Then import it when you need it. Right now it is defined 6 times which causes problem in the backend

-Modals generalization : I set up all the redux structure for it. Check for HighAlerts,high_alerts and highAlertProps.. But as there are a lot of parameters (title,text,buttons and their functions, colors) I didnt have the time to implement the instances. For now modals are hardcoded and it pollutes the readability.

-Anomaly modal : the picture generated by the mavic is not displayed. 

-Land : Not working. Its weird because it is implemented the same way as takeOff, which works. Maybe it comes from the backend

-SystemHealthData : 2 issues
    - It is not well implemented because of the switch robot/station
    - The backend send this msg very often, which seems to cause performance issues on the client side. So I tried to add a SetInterval of 1000ms. By doing this, it seems that the ROS callback doesnt work anymore.


- Battery : I didnt implement the alert modal when battery is under 50% (go to navBar.js and look for batteryLevel)
            Same for the alert modal when the drone temperature is above 70deg

- Even if CPU is now 15% the size is still important. I put the minimum for react/redux/thunk and babel as dependencies.

- Controls Buttons -> Dropdown with shortcuts for mission : Patrol is invoked whatever the status is.

- There are a bunch of warnings in the console about html rules. Ex <div> cannot appear as a descendant of <p>. I erased most of them but the ones that are still here are deeply nested in the app.

-unknown warning : 'cant read css of text.html'

-Css structure : Right now there is a variable containing the css properties of each local file. But for an App we need to have a generalized structure with common classes. There is also a lot of overrindng styles that need to be defined elsewhere.



PS:

If you are getting mad at the guy who built this app, please call him : 053-973-4177. He will not help you but you are free to insult him.
<3